HaSeul: Hello~
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ - Perfect Love"
(Cho PD is back!)
HaSeul: Guys, what are you doing in here?
(LOOΠΔ writing a message on a note for Orbit who came to the show)
Kim Lip: Each member should write 30 memos
Kim Lip: We wanted to give something special to our fans
Kim Lip: So we made a proposal about it to our director
Kim Lip: And this is the result
Kim Lip: I hope this small gift will make fans happy!
Kim Lip: Thanks!
(LOOΠΔ focsing on making a note before the show starts!)
HeeJin: She drew a picture of herself
HeeJin: I guess nobody will know she drew it!
(LOOΠΔ preparing both a memo and a candy bar on their own!)
ViVi: This is more declicious than that
ViVi: So I'm doing with... this!
(yyxy also started to make a gift right after they did their LOONA Studio!)
Olivia Hye: I'm working hard to write a note for fans~
(You still keep the memo, right?)
'Watch out, watch out, watch out not to catch a cold -Chuu-'
(It's rap time during a break!)
'We'll share a secret tonight'
(70% air, 30% sound, this is the SWAG of Go Won!)
Go Won: We'll share a secret tonight
(Such a great movement from Go Won of yyxy!)